README.md, before:

homebrew-neovim
===============
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/neovim/homebrew-neovim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/neovim/homebrew-neovim)

Homebrew formula for neovim.

## Usage

To install the latest release:

    $ brew install neovim/neovim/neovim

To **upgrade** from a previous version:

    $ brew update
    $ brew upgrade neovim

For instructions on how to install the Python modules, see [`:help nvim-python`][nvim-python].

If you instead want to install a developer version of Neovim based on the current GitHub revision, use:

    $ brew tap neovim/neovim
    $ brew install --HEAD neovim

To upgrade:

    $ brew update
    $ brew reinstall --HEAD neovim

## Troubleshooting

* Make sure you're using the right formula. `brew info neovim` should have a
  `From` line similar to this:

      From: https://github.com/neovim/homebrew-neovim/blob/master/Formula/neovim.rb

  If your formula points elsewhere, then you need to retap the neovim formula.
  Do so with the following sequence of commands:

  ```text
  $ brew uninstall neovim --force
  $ brew prune
  $ brew tap neovim/neovim
  $ brew tap --repair
  $ brew install neovim --HEAD
  ```
* If you encounter the error `Failed to update tap: neovim/neovim`, try:

  ```text
  $ brew untap neovim/neovim
  $ brew tap neovim/neovim
  ```
* Run `brew update` — then try again.
* Run `brew doctor` — the doctor diagnoses common issues.
* Check that **Command Line Tools for Xcode (CLT)** and/or **Xcode** are up to
  date by checking for updates in the App Store.
  * If the build fails with `fatal error: '__debug' file not found`,
    you have to install Xcode. This is due to a [bug in the Xcode CLT 6.3][clt-bug].
  * If the build fails with `ld: library not found for -lgcc_s`, make sure
    you have the same version of Xcode and Xcode CLT installed.
* Check the [Homebrew Troubleshooting][brew-trouble] page.  In particular, the
  [Check for common issues][brew-common] section.
* You can create a gist log with `brew gist-logs neovim`.
* Use `--verbose` to get the verbose output, i.e. `brew install --HEAD --verbose neovim`.
* Use `--debug` to be in the debug mode. In the debug mode, when failing, you
  can go into the interactive shell to check the building files before homebrew
  neutralizing them.
* If you encounter the error `CMAKE_USE_SYSTEM_CURL is ON but a curl is not found`,
  then you're missing the dependency for cURL that allows downloads over TLS.
  Refer to your operating system's section in [Linuxbrew Dependencies][linuxbrew-dependencies]
  to fix this.

[brew-common]: https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/blob/master/share/doc/homebrew/Troubleshooting.md#check-for-common-issues
[brew-trouble]: https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/blob/master/share/doc/homebrew/Troubleshooting.md
[clt-bug]: https://openradar.appspot.com/radar?id=6405426379751424
[nvim-python]: http://neovim.io/doc/user/nvim_python.html
[linuxbrew-dependencies]: https://github.com/Homebrew/linuxbrew#dependencies

Commit message:

Provide a little more guidance to users when they run into problems. #120
The hope here is to stem the flow of new issues that are actually
repeats of ones already closed, and to help encourage folks to include
detailed information when things go wrong.

README.md, after:

homebrew-neovim
===============
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/neovim/homebrew-neovim.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/neovim/homebrew-neovim)

Homebrew formula for neovim.

## Usage

To install the latest release:

    $ brew install neovim/neovim/neovim

To **upgrade** from a previous version:

    $ brew update
    $ brew upgrade neovim

For instructions on how to install the Python modules, see [`:help nvim-python`][nvim-python].

If you instead want to install a developer version of Neovim based on the current GitHub revision, use:

    $ brew tap neovim/neovim
    $ brew install --HEAD neovim

To upgrade:

    $ brew update
    $ brew reinstall --HEAD neovim

## Filing an Issue

If you run into problems, make sure to follow the
[Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section below before filing an issue.  If
you still have problems:

* *Please search the issue tracker for your problem.*  GitHub does not show
  closed issues by default, but it will search them.  Many issues others have
  seen before and have been resolved already.  It's really a burden on the
  development team to come by and point out already solved issues to you.

* Please make sure to include the link to the result of your
  `brew gist-logs neovim` command.  We simply cannot debug issues without
  detailed information about the failure and `gist-logs` helps provide that.

* It's also helpful to capture the output of a verbose version of the install
  command you used.  Simply add the `-v` option to the command line and try
  again.  For example, `brew install neovim/neovim/neovim` would become `brew
  install -v neovim/neovim/neovim`.  Paste the result of this in your ticket,
  and make sure to wrap it with a text fence so it renders correctly:

      ```text
      # output goes here
      ```

## Troubleshooting

* Make sure you're using the right formula. `brew info neovim` should have a
  `From` line similar to this:

      From: https://github.com/neovim/homebrew-neovim/blob/master/Formula/neovim.rb

  If your formula points elsewhere, then you need to retap the neovim formula.
  Do so with the following sequence of commands:

  ```text
  $ brew uninstall neovim --force
  $ brew prune
  $ brew tap neovim/neovim
  $ brew tap --repair
  $ brew install neovim --HEAD
  ```
* If you encounter the error `Failed to update tap: neovim/neovim`, try:

  ```text
  $ brew untap neovim/neovim
  $ brew tap neovim/neovim
  ```
* Run `brew update` — then try again.
* Run `brew doctor` — the doctor diagnoses common issues.
* Check that **Command Line Tools for Xcode (CLT)** and/or **Xcode** are up to
  date by checking for updates in the App Store.
  * If the build fails with `fatal error: '__debug' file not found`,
    you have to install Xcode. This is due to a [bug in the Xcode CLT 6.3][clt-bug].
  * If the build fails with `ld: library not found for -lgcc_s`, make sure
    you have the same version of Xcode and Xcode CLT installed.
* Check the [Homebrew Troubleshooting][brew-trouble] page.  In particular, the
  [Check for common issues][brew-common] section.
* You can create a gist log with `brew gist-logs neovim`.
* Use `--verbose` to get the verbose output, i.e. `brew install --HEAD --verbose neovim`.
* Use `--debug` to be in the debug mode. In the debug mode, when failing, you
  can go into the interactive shell to check the building files before homebrew
  neutralizing them.
* If you encounter the error `CMAKE_USE_SYSTEM_CURL is ON but a curl is not found`,
  then you're missing the dependency for cURL that allows downloads over TLS.
  Refer to your operating system's section in [Linuxbrew Dependencies][linuxbrew-dependencies]
  to fix this.

[brew-common]: https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/blob/master/share/doc/homebrew/Troubleshooting.md#check-for-common-issues
[brew-trouble]: https://github.com/Homebrew/homebrew/blob/master/share/doc/homebrew/Troubleshooting.md
[clt-bug]: https://openradar.appspot.com/radar?id=6405426379751424
[nvim-python]: http://neovim.io/doc/user/nvim_python.html
[linuxbrew-dependencies]: https://github.com/Homebrew/linuxbrew#dependencies
